alright it's November second the Sun is
in my eyes and we are going to be
planting garlic we got some nice clothes
here those are the biggest ones this is
fairly big but we got a bunch of
different kinds and one of the things
that I wanted to tell you was do not I
repeat do not take your garlic after
you've harvested it and stick it in
plastic bags and stick it in the
refrigerator especially if your
refrigerator is you know 50 degrees 4035
whatever these bags get condensation and
then you have slimy garlic it's not
dried out my friend and I did that this
year I don't know for what whatever
reason we decided we were just gonna you
know save the garlic and we never really
let it dry out and so we threw it in the
refrigerator now the ones that I just
placed in a plastic container with no
lid on it they were just fine they dry
it they you know they didn't dry out
totally but they didn't collect a bunch
of moisture like this did so now I got
to figure out how to get these apart
without tearing the whole thing to
pieces anyway so that's my number one
tip see that goop
that's not good goop it's actually
that's what you get from leaving the
garlic in your refrigerator in a plastic
bag you don't want that please dry it
out I've been sitting here for the last
I don't know hour and a half peeling
garlic with that stuff on it it's not
fun and the only way to save the garlic
is the planet now alright this is the
garlic that we're planting today this
and all the rest of them anyway this
isn't all the garlic I'm planting though
I'm planting a whole bunch from Baker
Creek as soon as it gets here probably
tomorrow or the next day okay step one
on how I plant the garlic I just make a
nice row I'm probably about a foot to
foot and a half off of the edge of the
garden here because I planted them to
close last year and what I'm doing is
planting them about four inches apart
and I laid out a line for myself
okay this is about the size of the
garlic I was planting all day yesterday
and so now I want to show you the garlic
that I'm going to be planting today
after I get finished Ponting that
there's some such as you know probably
about the same side but then we move to
this which is you know a little bit
bigger hmm and then we move to this
which is infinitely bigger anyway those
three are the ones that came in from
Baker Creek today and Wow when I have
some big garlic next year howdy um I
just wanted to give you a look at all of
these different spots I don't know if
you can really see it but I planted
garlic all the way back to here and then
I planted garlic on three sides of the
big garden up front here down the side
and across the back and I planted garlic
from here back to about here somewhere
in here I guess we'll see when it comes
up in the spring and then I planted some
over here in this little bit here that I
made anyway so that's the extent of the
garlic thank you for watching god bless
see you next time